README.md, before:

# FIND-A-FARMER

#### {Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}

This mvp showcases Find a farmer that allows farmers to find ready market for their products. Users can sell their goods from anywhere across the country. The application offers a range of features such as an insurance offer and a gallery where customers can view showcased products from our farmers.(version 04/06/2023)

#### By **{List of contributors}**

This project was created and is sole property of Ayim William

## Description

This is a single paged platform that allows users to buy and sell different agricultural products that meet their desires and at affordable prices. We are basically connecting the farmer to wholesale and retail customers across Kenya and eliminating the menace of the broker who buys the goods cheaply and sells them expensively reducing the farmers profits by a lot. Users can see which items are in stock and where they can be found and only allows the user to buy when there is stock of the product. The user can also get updates on Find a Farmer news and can get access to our exclusive Multi-Layered Insurance for the farmers. The farmer can also delete a product that displeases him or is out of stock. The buy button is only active when there is available stock and will disable and change the text once stock is finished. The add button will be added later in the larger project.

## Demo

Use the link provided to navigate to the Find A Farmer website on https://babamboga.github.io/Find-a-Farmer/ 

This is the Landing Page

![My Image](/assets/images/Screenshot-2023-04-10.png)

This is the featured products fetched from the API

![My Image](/assets/images/Screenshot-2.png)


## Setup/Installation Requirements IF yu need to contribute to the project

- One would need either linux or wsl for window users
- A copy of visual basic code installed
- A github account

1. Open your terminal and go to the directory you wish to work from.
2. Go to the following url using ur github account https://github.com/BabaMboga/Week-3-Code-Challenge
3. Go to the code tab and clone the ssh key
4. Go back to the terminal and type git clone <-followed by the ssh key you copied /cloned ->
5. Enter your new cloned repository and type in code .
6. On the visual studio code that has now opened, go to the the run tab and hit start debugging.
7. Create a branch where you will make and add changes (git branch -b <branchname>)
8. Add the changes (git add .)
9. Commit changes (git commit -m "contributing changes")
10. Push your changes (git push origin <branchname>)

## Technologies Used

This program is built with html, css and javascript using the visual code environment.
It also has db.json file which contains the data we are going to use to populate the cards.

## Support and contact details

For any issues please email me at william.ayim@student.moringaschool.com

### License

Apache License 2.0

Commit message:

just added and updated the read me file

README.md, after:

# ADVENTOUR

#### {Brief description of application}, {Date of current version}
This is an web app that is basically for travelling and adventure purposes. Our web application has many ways that it link you up with good hotels around Nairobi and provide a good reception in ways like travelling services and trusted agencies.

#### By **{List of contributors}**

This project was created and is sole property of Ayim William, Augustine Mwangi, Tammmy Briggz and Edwin Alloh

## Description
Advetour traveling company is a business that provides travel-related services to customers, such as booking transportation, accommodations, tours, and activities. The company can offer a wide range of travel services, including flights, trains, buses, car rentals, and cruise packages.

Adventour traveling company can specialize in different types of travel, such as leisure travel, business travel, adventure travel, or luxury travel. They may also cater to different types of customers, such as families, solo travelers, groups, or seniors.

To ensure a seamless travel experience for their customers, Adventour traveling company typically employs a team of travel agents who can assist customers in planning and booking their trips. These agents can provide expert advice on travel destinations, accommodations, and activities, as well as help customers with travel arrangements, such as visa applications, travel insurance, and flight bookings.

## Demo

Use the link provided to navigate to the Find Advetour ("")


## Setup/Installation Requirements IF yu need to contribute to the project

- One would need either linux or wsl for window users
- A copy of visual basic code installed
- A github account

1. Open your terminal and go to the directory you wish to work from.
2. Go to the following url using ur github account ("https://github.com/BabaMboga/project-adventour")

3. Go to the code tab and clone the ssh key
4. Go back to the terminal and type git clone <-followed by the ssh key you copied /cloned ->
5. Enter your new cloned repository and type in code .
6. On the visual studio code that has now opened, go to the the run tab and hit start debugging.
7. Create a branch where you will make and add changes (git branch -b <branchname>)
8. Add the changes (git add .)
9. Commit changes (git commit -m "contributing changes")
10. Push your changes (git push origin <branchname>)

## Technologies Used

This program is built with html, css and javascript using the visual code environment.
It also has db.json file which contains the data we are going to use to populate the cards.
